Test 13

Read the following extracts taken from books and magazines. Select the most suitable caption 
for each extract and write the letter of the caption in the box given against the text. There is one extra caption. 

Captions 
A. Garbage disposal 
B. Time you should meet a doctor 
C. Feel free to talk 
D. Be a wise parent 
E. Use it well, it is not an enemy 
F.  Tips to minimize environmental pollution

Extracts									Film

1
When settlements were very small, leftovers were simply thrown outdoors, 
where they finally decayed. But as communities grew, pigs and other 
animals helped clear away the stuff eating them. The animals, in turn, 		..........
recycled the waste and thus created an even less appealing waste problem. 
 
2 
Many people are strangely passive when they visit a doctor. First of all, they 
often fail to provide the doctor with complete information about their 
medical problem. Secondly, many people fail to ask their doctor for a full 	..........
and clear explanation of their condition. 
 
3 
Swollen glands in the body can be uncomfortable, but they are a welcome 
sign that your body is working to defend itself. They are often associated 
with an illness such as mumps, German measles, a cold, or flu, but an insect 
bite or an infected cut can also result in swelling. Still if swollen glands last .........
more than a few days, it can be a sign of a serious illness, such as Hodgkin's 
disease. 
 
4 
Here are some tips to discourage TV watching and encourage reading. For 
one thing, have only one television set, and place it in the family room. Then 	 ..........
if your child wants privacy, he or she will have to go elsewhere away from 
the TV. Secondly, connect eating with reading. Put a bookcase rather than a 
TV in the kitchen. 
 
5 
Children in Finland are the highest-scoring young readers in the world, but 
they spend more time watching TV than reading. Finnish national research 
has pointed out a key relationship between reading and Finnish TV. Many 	  .........
programmes have captions and watching these programmes seems to 
motivate and enhance reading among young readers. 
 
