Test 15

Read the following text and answer the questions given below.
		
				Choosing one's fate

Many years ago, there lived a man who was capable of loving and forgiving everyone he came 
across. Because of this, God sent an angel to talk to him. 
'God asked me to come and visit you and tell you that he wishes to reward you for your goodness,' said the angel. You may have any gift you wish for. Would you like the gift of healing sick people?
 
'Certainly not,' said the man. 'I would prefer God to choose those who should be healed." 'And what about leading wrong-doers back to the path of goodness?' asked the angel. 'That's a job for angels like you. I don't want to be worshipped by anyone or to serve as an example for prefect living.' replied the man. 

'Look, I can't go back to Heaven without having given you a gift. If you don't choose, I'll have to choose one for you.' said the angel. 
'The  man  thought  for  a  moment  and  then  said:  'All  right,  I  would  like  good  to  be  done through me, but no one should notice it. Even I do not want to know it. Otherwise I might commit the offence of becoming a proud person.'
 
So the angel arranged for the man's shadow to have the power of healing, but only when the sun was shining on the man's face. In this way, wherever he went, the sick were healed, the earth grew fertile again, and sad people rediscovered happiness. 
The man travelled the Earth for many years, oblivious of the healing he was doing because when he was facing the sun, his shadow was always behind him. In this way, he was able to live and die unaware of his own power of healing.


(1) State whether the following statements are True or False in the relevant cage. 

1. God sent an angel to earth to give the man the ability of loving and for giving: .......
2. The man believed that it is God's responsibility to select those deserve healing:.......
3. The power of healing was active when the shadow was behind the man:........
4. The man was unaware of the healings he was doing as God did not allow him to see them:.......


(2) What do the following words is the text refer to? Write your answers in the space given. ‘one’ in line 11  ..................................... 

(3) Underline the phrase that is closest in meaning to the following. 
	(a)  ‘commit’ in line 14 .....................................
		(i) to give up completely 
		(ii)  to do something wrong 
		(iii) to hand over 
		(iv) to change for the better 

	(b) ‘oblivious’ in line 18  .....................................
		(i) not aware of something 
		(ii) having no education 
		(iii)  showing neglect 
		(iv)  not accept as accurate 

Underline the correct answer for questions 4, 5 and 6 from the options given for each of them. 

(4) One good quality of the man that attracted the attention of God was 
	(a)  his ability to heal those who were suffering from sickness. 
	(b) his ability to lead bad people to the path of goodness. 
	(c)  his readiness to love and forgive everyone around him. 
	(d) his refusal to accept the power of healing.
 
(5) The man 
	(e)  willingly accepted the gift from the angel. 
	(f)  happily accepted the gift from the angel. 
	(g) enthusiastically accepted the gift from the angel. 
	(h) hesitantly accepted the gift from the angel. 

(6) Underline the sentence that tells why the man did not want to know about his own good 
deeds. 
	(a)  The man thought that it was God's duty to heal the sick people on earth.  
	(b) The man believes that making bad people good is the responsibility of angels.  
	(c)  The man was of the view that his miracles would make him a better person.  
	(d) The man did not want to be worshipped by people or become a proud person.  