Test 15

Read the following text and answer the questions given below. 

					Life of Sea Otters 

The relationship between a mother and her pup shows the most intimate association in a sea otter’s life. The adult male provides no parental care, which is typical for most mammals. However, a female sea otter spends a great deal of time and energy in caring for her offspring, which depend on her for nourishment and protection. 

A mother and her pup are never far apart during the entire time. A pup spends most of its time riding on its mother’s belly. Even very large pups, six months or older, may still try to “climb on board”. You can’t help but feel sorry for a mother struggling to paddle with a pup nearly her own size riding on her stomach! 

A mother’s protective behaviour towards her offspring is obvious to anyone. Scientists have made interesting observations on mothers’ and pups’ behaviour. One mother was found fondling the dead body of a pup and attempting to groom the dead body. In Monterey Harbour, one female who had just lost her pup was seen mothering a plastic bottle – holding it under her chin and fondling it as if it were her pup. One brave mother actually climbed into a boat to rescue her large pup. 

While being attentive to their own young, females rarely care for another mother’s pup, probably in part because there’s little chance that a mother who has lost her own pup will encounter an orphan. 

A pup gets most of its nourishments by nursing from its mother for the first two months of its life. Although the mother continues to suckle her pup throughout the dependency period, the pup gradually adds more solid food to its diet.
 
A female's two nipples are often visible on her lower abdomen when she is producing milk. Like other marine mammals, sea otters produce milk that’s extremely rich in protein and fat and low in lactose or milk sugar.


(1) State whether the following statements are True or False by putting a tick in the relevant column.
	(1) Only female sea otters provide parental care: ........
	(2) Pups leave their parents when they are six months old: ........
	(3) A female otter is very likely to care for another mother's pup: .........
	(4) Sea otter's milk does not contain lactose: ........


(2) Underline the phrase that is closest in meaning to the following. 
	(a)  ‘offspring’ in paragraph
		(i) female otters 
		(ii)  male otters 
		(iii) baby otters 
		(iv) adult otters 

(b) ‘encounter’ in paragraph
	(i)  ignore  (ii)  dislike (iii)  meet (iv)  look after 

(3) Write the word in paragraph 2 that is similar in meaning to ‘whole’. 
..................................... 

(4) What do the following words in the text refer to? Write your answers in the space given. 
(i) ‘her’ in paragraph 2 line 4 ........................................ 
(ii) ‘it’ in paragraph 3 line 5 ........................................ 

(5) Which of the following provides an example to show a mother otter’s caring nature. 
Underline the answer. 
	(1) One brave mother climbed into a boat to rescue her large pup. 
	(2) A mother’s protective behaviour towards her offspring is obvious 
	(3) Scientists have made interesting observations on mothers and pups. 

(6) Study the four sub-headings given below.       
    Underline the most suitable sub-heading for the last paragraph. 
	(1) The role of female sea otters 
	(2) The art of feeding the pups 
	(3) Nutritional value of sea otter milk 
	(4) Features of the body of the sea otter  
