Test 7

Read the passage and answer the questions. 

It was a beautiful, warm Saturday in October, and Sanduni’s family had decided to have a picnic. Sanduni was helping her mother to get the picnic table ready for their lunch when the two of her married sisters arrived. 
“Happy Birthday, mother!” they said as they handed over their brightly coloured birthday presents. 

Sanduni had totally forgotten that it was her mother’s fifty-fourth birthday. She quickly decided to find a present that would show her mother how much she loved. She ran upstairs to her bedroom, pulled her piggy bank down from its shelf, and opened it. No coins fell out, but as she put her fingers inside, she felt a single piece of paper. It was a hundred rupee note. 
She picked it and ran to the gift store next to the shopping centre. As she looked at the pretty dishes and other household items, she realized that her hundred rupees wouldn’t be enough to buy what she wanted. Suddenly she saw a pretty red flower. It was just the price; ninety nine rupees! She took the flower to the cashier and gave the hundred rupee note. 
“Is that all the money you have?” asked the cashier. 
“Yes”, she said, “just enough to buy this present for my mother.” “I’m sorry dear. This gift costs 5 more than what you have. With sales tax, it costs 108 rupees.” 
Sanduni felt tears gathering in her eyes. She didn’t understand sales tax, but all she understood was that she wouldn’t be able to give that beautiful present to her mother. 

Underline the most suitable answer.
 
(1) Whose birthday falls in October? 
	(a) Sanduni’s    (b) Sanduni’s mother’s  (c) Sanduni’s younger sister’s
 
(2) What was Sanduni doing when her sisters arrived? 
 	(a) preparing the picnic table  (b) having lunch  (c)getting ready for the birthday
  
(3) How much money did the piggy bank have? 
        (a) less than 100 rupees     (b) more than 100 rupees  (c) exactly 100 rupees 
 
(4) The gift that Sanduni selected was 
	(a) a red flower.            (b) a pretty dish.        (c) a household item.
 
(5) The word ‘realized’ in line 10 means 
        (a) guessed.                 (b) understood.           (c) doubted. 
  
