Test 13

Read the following stories of films. Match them with the type of film the five students love to see. Write the correct letter of the film in the box.

Film A: 12 Years a Slave

This is a true story of a free black man called Solomon from New York who is abducted and sold into slavery, in the twelfth year of his captivity, with a Canadian. Solomon manages to escape from the cruel slave owner.


Film B: Viranga

The film is named after the Virunga 
National Park is Congo. It not only 
captures the wildlife in the national 
park with particular focus on gorillas, 
but  also  the  dedication  of  teams 
aiming to protect it.


Film C: The bridge on the river Kwai

British war prisoners are forced to build a railway bridge across the river Kwai for their Japanese captors, not knowing that their own forces are planning to destroy it.


Film D: A Tale of  Marie and Three Puppies

This story is about what Aya’s dog 
Marie  and  her  puppies  have  gone 
through  after  an  earthquake  that 
strikes  Japan.  Going  through  a  lot 
hardship, Aya  manages  to  save  her 
dog and puppies.


Film E: The Blue Elephant

This cartoon movie about a young elephant 
that lives in a forest. It thinks about its lost 
father whom it has never met. Leaving the 
forest in search of its father, it finds real 
friends and becomes a brave elephant that 
has a gentle heart. 




     Name			Type of Film					Film


(1) Kasuni      I live to see films about animals. I like stories 
		where animals act along with other people just 		      ..........
		like human beings.” 

(2) Naveen	"I love to see cartoon films but I do not like cartoons       ..........
		 about heroes or human characters.”

(3) Praboda     "I like to see films based on real characters. Such films
		 allow us to learn how people succeed in overcoming hardships. ..........


(4) Chenumai     "To see the beauty of nature is what I like most. That's why
		  I like films on nature.					..........

(5) Shenara      "We learn about world wars at school, but haven't seen one.
		  Films on war give us that chance. That's why I like           ..........
		  war movies"




