Test 13

Read the following advertisements. Match them with the descriptions given below them. Write the correct letter of the advertisement in the box given against each description.

Advertisements

A

Adventure's Binoculars from MILAN'S SHOP

-> Magnifying up to 8 times to let you see the smallest details.
-> Can be carried everywhere.
-> Perfect gift for a nature lover.
-> Free delivery for orders of three or more.



B

Wanted - Your old shoes (Rs.250.00 Reward)

Take any usable old pair of shoes into HILO's Flagship Store in Bristle Street between now and 30 September. You will receive Rs.250.00 off any new pair of HILO shoes. Your old shoes will go to a charity organization.


C

Lakeside Cabins

Just half an hour's drive from the glorious scenery of Kandy District.

WANT TO GO SIGHTSEEING?
YOU COULD NOT BE IN A BETTER PLACE.
Resort with a private health and leisure complex and a gymnasium.



D

View Bolgoda Lake

Enjoy the day in the largest natural lake in Sri Lanka!

Visit Bolgoda Lake View Resort in Bolgoda. Lot of activities including water sports facilities and sightseeing. Boat rides in the lake can be arranged. Ideal for bird watching for nature lovers.


E

Folk Museum

Get a glimpse into traditional Sri Lankan way of life

Visit Martin Wickramasinghe Museum in Koggala. Learn about Martin Wickramasinghe's life. Buy traditional items like masks, clothing, and historical utensils. Open every dat from 9.00 a.m to 5.00 p.m.






Descriptions

1. Shehani doesn't like to use her clothes or shoes for a long time. She gives her used clothes and shoes to poor people. Now, she wants to buy a new pair of shoes. : ........

2. Yoga likes to watch wild animals in their natural habitat. He frequently visits national parks to watch wild animals. But he is unable to observe them closely as he does riot have necessary equipment: ...........

3. Gihan is always busy with his work. But he finds time to go to gymnasium to keep his fitness. His family plans to go on a trip to see the natural beauty in the hill country. But he is worried about skipping his fitness exercise: ...........

4. Prathiba is a student of Literature. She is interested in reding about lives of well-known writers and visiting their places. She loves collecting information and objects related to their lives: ...........

5. Fathima is a lover of natural water ways, and she likes to observe behavior of birds and fish in wetlands. She regularly visits natural wetlands in the country: ..............





